Add Required Tools Section to DEVELOPERS.md (#519)
NationalCentreTruthReconciliation/Secure-Record-Transfer: DEVELOPERS.md

This application is primarily designed for UNIX-based operating systems (Linux, macOS). Some functionality may not work correctly on Windows.

If you're developing on Windows, we recommend using Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) to ensure compatibility.

## Required Tools

To work on this application, you'll need the following tools:

> - **Docker** ([Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)) or **Podman** ([Install Podman](https://podman.io/getting-started/installation)): For containerized development environment

Reviewer: If a developer uses Podman, they also need to install [podman-compose](https://github.com/containers/podman-compose) as well, since it's a separate tool.

As well, if someone's using WSL, they have to install it in WSL, not in Windows.

Do you think it's worth it to mention installing Docker *Desktop* or Podman *Desktop* instead of just Docker/Podman? You can use each from the command line only, but I think the graphical interface is really helpful for both.

Author: I think it is worth it to mention _Desktop_ instead of just the CLI + Engine because being able to navigate between logs, start/end containers and browse through a container's filesystem is super convenient.

> - **Python 3.9+** ([Download Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)): If developing on Windows, install Python on [WSL](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/wsl) instead

Reviewer: I realize the WSL documentation linked here is more comprehensive than just installing Python. If in WSL, you have to install it via the command line and can't use the Python installer.

Can you move the WSL info to below the `- **VSCode**` item, and say something like, if on Windows, follow this guide to set up your development environment in WSL (and then link that documentation).

```suggestion
- **Python 3.9+**
  - If on Mac or Linux, [download Python here](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
  - If on Windows, install Python in WSL using these commands:
  ```shell
  # WSL Installation Instructions
  sudo apt update
  sudo apt upgrade
  sudo apt upgrade python3
  sudo apt install python3-pip
  sudo apt install python3-venv
  ```
```

Author: As you mentioned, I think it would be neater to move the WSL installation instructions to under a new section just for installation instructions for Windows.

- **Node 22+** ([Download Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)): For JavaScript dependency management and builds
- **Poetry 1.8.5** ([Installation Guide](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installing-with-the-official-installer)): For Python dependency management. Install with:
  ```shell
  curl -sSL https://install.python-poetry.org | python3 - --version 1.8.5

>   ```

Reviewer: These need to be mentioned to be installed in WSL if using Windows

- **VSCode** ([Download VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)): Recommended IDE for development
- **VSCode Extensions**:
  - [Python](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items/?itemName=ms-python.python): Python language support and debugging
  - [Ruff](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items/?itemName=charliermarsh.ruff): Python linting and formatting
  - [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint): Linting and formatting JS files

>   - [Even Better TOML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items/?itemName=tamasfe.even-better-toml): Formatting TOML files

Reviewer: There's an even better way to recommend these be installed that I found: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/configure/extensions/extension-marketplace#_workspace-recommended-extensions

Can you create an `extensions.json` file in `.vscode/` with these extensions?

Author: That's a pretty neat feature to have.

Addressed by: 
https://github.com/NationalCentreTruthReconciliation/Secure-Record-Transfer/pull/519/commits/650d62e460d2e34aa12527075018e12ba8a03724
